# EasyCert

Use EasyCert to easily generate webserver certificates against a private certificate authority that is also generated by this tool.
Why would you want to use this?  This should only be used within company networks, never public facing.  You would use this to implement
your own TLS connections where you are dealing in a test environment where the security doesn't really matter.  This is more about making
sure things work across https correctly.  In other words, when you are working on anything production-level you'd want to acquire a genuine
certificate from a trusted certificate authority and probably pay for it.

## Requirements

This has been tested and run on OSX which is comes pre-installed with openssl, that is all you need.

## Installation

Simple as it takes to type the following command:

    go get github.com/deckarep/EasyCert

## Usage

EasyCert just requires a certificate authority name which can be an arbitrary name but should reflect your company and a host name that the certificate/key pair will end up on.
~~~    
Usage: EasyCert [options...]

Options:
  -cn Certificate Authority Name (can be any name, but should reflect your company name.)
  -h  Hostname of TLS server to install the private cert/key
~~~

## License

Copyright 2014 Ralph Caraveo All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
